I rely on my brother, why did you secretly place an order behind our backs?
It's called sneaking, I've told you.
Bring your girlfriend today.
This is my girlfriend who's smoking.
Wait a minute.
This really has a sense of ritual.
Don't worry about eating rice.
I just got to talk to them.
Mr. Yang
The back-end error you said when you left has also been fixed.
If there was no accident, these two days should be able to go online smoothly.
I know.
I'll find a way to make money.
Don't worry.
Is there any other way?
Your mother cut off our investment.
Did your bank card stop too?
I have some savings.
Emergency enough.
Hey, I have, I have feelings. Give me one.
I don't have much money.
But the last time I helped my friends play games instead of training, I saved 100,000 VND, I took it out.
Our funding gap is not 2,000 yuan.
No, I do.